Hi there! Finally it's done. I'm sharing about my simple mere project to all of you. Please rate it from 1 - 10. I'm sorry if you don't like the design, I'm not
really good at designing but I'm willing to improve my designing skills. If you have something for me like advices, code criticisms, design remarks, etc. I'd like 
to hear those things to better improve myself as a beginner at this field. If you have any questions kindly put it to the comment section, I'll probably answer it.

Plans for improvements:
For now it will just be a static website due to this crap pandemic, because my second-hand computer doesn't have an internet access which is needed to gather 
the necessary things I need. I'm not allowed to go to internet cafes to gather the things I need since my computer doesn't have an internet access and those things 
are closed at this pandemic. I'd like to improve it eventually if God willing, like putting a database, having an administrator's section that's capable of creating,
updating and deleting contents, upload/delete posts like the ones at Facebook at the About/General Section but it won't have a comment and share sections. I'm not
saying that I'm very capable of doing so, but I'm willing to take up this challenge to better test my skills and improve them :). If I successfully do so, I'd like to
share an another copy for those who want to have it for studying or for whatever reason may be.

This project is delayed due to some reasons: 
This project started on October 24, 2019. Since it started at October 2019, it's under the 2nd semester of Grade 11. So therefore, there's a lot of projects 
to deal with from minor subjects with some literally deadly deadlines for my grades. I had two subjects for research, I needed to create a video, and so on. 
There are literally many projects which I needed to comply if I wanted to pass Grade 11. This fact hindered me to continue the project and to study more about 
technology. Furthermore, household chores are natutally time killers.

At February 2020, my computer became faulty. I initially thought that it was just the CMOS since the monitor worked but the system unit didn't.
So I replaced it with a new one but it didn't still worked. It perplexed me somehow thinking about what's the problem. Then I finally figured 
out that it was the power supply's fault!. It's replaced with a new one at April 2020.

It works! But due to an space issue(its former placement was blocked by a storage box), so I didn't set up the computer and it was just on the other
side. On May 8, 2020, the box was removed and I finally set up computer into it. The computer is set up and I continued finishing this at early June.


It took quite long due to planning(this is from scratch), designing(though it's not very creative) and resolving bugs when it's apparent(especially on JavaScript).
Besides, it's really hard to come up what words and paragraphs should I put on, it's just basically like writing a poem. I also double check if the grammar is 
correct because sometimes I forgot it and write ingrammatical paragraphs unintentionally. If you spot a grammatical error, please inform me. I was not allowed to use 
the computer at night until this early July wherein I found a new extension wire which I can use it until night. My sister and I shared the same extension wire 
before and she'll use it at night to watch Korean movies, so she won't let me use the extension wire to operate the computer. I didn't started coding at early morning
because I woke up at 10 am to 11 am which I only started at noon and I usually stopped at 5pm to 6pm. Those hours are time of studying and coding at the same time.
Only in early July seems good to continue with full thrust.

I've started studying about technology since February 2019(Grade 10, 16 years old) and before that, I really had no idea about it especially at programming. I don't 
put a lot of time in studying on School days due to a lot of minor subjects which is not related to I.T. I'm encouraging beginners like me to strive hard studying, 
improving and testing the skills that we have to better improve and prepare ourselves for the industry ahead. I'm willing to learn more as I percieve the broadness 
and complexity of modern technology. I'm also willing to share knowledge and collaborate to those passionate students who are willing to improve themselves at this 
field.  
