This mere project was made with the intention to test my skills. I know that it's not
much but I'm willing to improve this one eventually, if God willing. I've started my
hectic self-study since February 2019(16 y/o and Grade 10) and before that, I really
had no any backgrounds about this field. Learning for me isn't enough, I need to test 
my mere skills to see if I'm capable somehow to come up with something from my
self-study and I did with this one. I'm looking forward to improve my skills and learn
more as I prepare myself for the college ahead, if God willing.

I started creating this from October 24, 2019. This project of mine is delayed 
due to some factors. When November 2019 to March 2020 (under 2nd sem') came, it's 
the months that I was very busy at minor subjects in our Grade 11. Research from 
two subjects  were the hectic ones and a lot of dealines from various projects, 
making a short film, etc. Furthermore, my computer was not functioning to due its 
faulty power supply. It took very long from February to April 2020 until its old 
power supply is replaced which further delayed the overall progress of my mere website. 
I continued at May 8 because my computer wasn't set up due to space issues. My 
desktop computer isn't fitted with Wireless Network Interface Card nor NIC, which I 
don't have an internet access which delayed it further. This crap COVID-19 further 
delayed the completeness of this project. My desktop computer doesn't have an internet 
connection so I went to computer cafes with my USB to gather the necesarry things I need, 
but COVID-19 came which hinders me to do so.

For now, it will be just a static website. I can't make it with a dynamic one because 
of this crap COVID-19. I'll love on focusing to make it a dynamic website if I have a 
sponsor to upload my website to the internet which is possible because someone expressed 
it and when COVID-19 is gone, if God willing. What I mean on it is, like updating its 
context without medling with the source code and it will have its own administrator 
section. I'm not saying that I'm very capable on doing so but I'm willing  to take 
such coding challenge to better test my skills and further improve myself as a 
beginner. If I finished it as a dynamic one, I'm willing to share my work with
other students to play with it and to learn from it just like I share this static
version. 

Any critisms on my code are welcome to better improve my coding performance even
more. I'd like to see your ratings as well if you're satisfied on my project. I'm
looking forward to seek new friends which I have the same interests and passion.

-Hermano Ricson Escalicas :)
 